README.md, before:

## Notes to everyone

database\_query.php is useless (will temporary keep it for reference purpose).

## Current progress

### Backend

To-do list:

- [x] register.php
- [x] login.php
- [x] profile.php
- [x] edit\_profile.php
- [x] Search function
- [x] home.php	
	- [x] view categories
	- [x] view sub-categories
	- [x] view post list
- [x] View posts' details 	
	- [x] upvoting
	- [x] post comment
	- [x] bookmark
	- [ ] report post or comment
	- [ ] share post (generate URL)
- [x] Create post function
- [x] Create admin-login.php
- [ ] Admin functions

Memo:

- [x] Discussion on how to show/return success message
	- [x] Add success message in register.php
	- [x] Add success message in edit\_profile.php 
	- [x] Add success message in create\_post.php 
- [x] Create redirect.php (redirect to login.php if cookies is not presented)
- [x] In home.php, redirect the user to profile.php instead of edit-profile.php after clicking profile buttons
- [ ] In create-post.php, the search bar doesn't work
- [ ] All fontawesome icons are not working.

### Frontend

To-do list:

## Installation

Just move the entire repository to the server and make sure to read install.md.

Commit message:

added bug to be fixed

README.md, after:

## Notes to everyone

database\_query.php is useless (will temporary keep it for reference purpose).

## Current progress

### Backend

To-do list:

- [x] register.php
- [x] login.php
- [x] profile.php
- [x] edit\_profile.php
- [x] Search function
- [x] home.php	
	- [x] view categories
	- [x] view sub-categories
	- [x] view post list
- [x] View posts' details 	
	- [x] upvoting
	- [x] post comment
	- [x] bookmark
	- [ ] report post or comment
	- [ ] share post (generate URL)
- [x] Create post function
- [x] Create admin-login.php
- [ ] Admin functions

To-be fixed:

- [ ] In create-post.php, the search bar doesn't work
- [x] All fontawesome icons are not working (changed URL)
- [ ] In post-details.php, cannot post some comments (e.g: Post comments like `'` will cause the submit button doesn't work)
- [ ] In post-details.php, the user will be redirected to localhost after posting a comment

### Frontend

To-do list:

## Installation

Just move the entire repository to the server and make sure to read install.md.
